New operation tasks/getall (#119)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/enterprises.md

### Request

`[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/tasks/getAll`

```javascript
{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
    "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",
    "TaskIds": [
        "65cf1aac-bef2-4653-9350-ab2600af65af"
    ],
    "DepartmentIds": [
        "c28cfb42-a963-4195-ad26-ab1b009b6425"
    ],
    "ServiceOrderIds": [
        "8D70F718-E19C-458D-8DDB-AB1B009B5487"
    ],
    "CreatedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2019-12-08T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2019-12-10T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "ClosedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2019-12-08T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2019-12-10T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "DeadlineUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2020-01-02T00:00:00Z"
    },
}
```

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |

> | `TaskIds` | array of string | optional | If specified, filter by task identifiers. |

Reviewer: Unique identifiers of tasks.

> | `DepartmentIds` | array of string | optional | If specified, filter by [Department](enterprises.md#department)s. Another filter must be submitted together with this one.  |

Reviewer: Unique identifiers of deparmtents

> | `ServiceOrderIds` | array of string  | optional | If specified, filter by Service orders (for example a [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation) or [Product order](services#add-order)). |

Reviewer: unique identifiers of service orders

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `TaskId` | string | required | Unique identifier of added task. |

## Get all tasks

> Returns all tasks of the enterprise, filtered by identifiers or other filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all bills, possibly filtered by customers, identifiers and other filters.
```

Reviewer: I incorrectly copied different sentence. The important is to use `possibly`  word, to be consistent

```javascript
{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
    "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",
    "TaskIds": [
        "65cf1aac-bef2-4653-9350-ab2600af65af"
    ],
    "DepartmentIds": [
        "c28cfb42-a963-4195-ad26-ab1b009b6425"
    ],
    "ServiceOrderIds": [
        "8D70F718-E19C-458D-8DDB-AB1B009B5487"
    ],
    "CreatedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2019-12-08T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2019-12-10T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "ClosedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2019-12-08T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2019-12-10T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "DeadlineUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2020-01-02T00:00:00Z"
    },
}
```

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `TaskIds` | array of string | optional | Unique identifiers of tasks. |

> | `DepartmentIds` | array of string | optional | Unique identifiers of [Department](enterprises.md#department)s. Another filter must be submitted together with this one.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DepartmentIds` | array of string | optional | Unique identifiers of [Department](enterprises.md#department)s. Not possible to be used standalone, needs to be used with the combination of other filters. |
```

| `ServiceOrderIds` | array of string  | optional | Unique identifiers of Service orders (for example a [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation) or [Product order](services#add-order)). |

> | `CreatedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional | Interval of task creation time. |

Reviewer: ts date and time, not just time. The same bellow for all three intervals.
Does it make sense to use the sentence with the `within`?

| `ClosedUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional | Interval of task closing time. |
| `DeadlineUtc` | [Time interval](enterprises.md#time-interval) | optional | Interval of task deadline time. |

### Response

```javascript
{
    "Tasks": [
        {
            "Id": "b166fc93-c75a-438f-93b8-ab1e00a031ae",
            "Name": "Test all",
            "State": "Open"
            "Description": "Task description",
            "DepartmentId": "c28cfb42-a963-4195-ad26-ab1b009b6425",
            "ServiceOrderId": "8d70f718-e19c-458d-8ddb-ab1b009b5487",
            "CreatedUtc": "2019-12-09T09:43:14Z",
            "DeadlineUtc": "2020-01-01T14:00:00Z",
            "ClosedUtc": null,
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `Tasks` | array of [Task](enterprises.md#task) | required | The filtered tasks. |

#### Task

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the task. |
| `Name` | string | required | Name \(or title\) of the task. |

> | `State` | [Task state](enterprises.md#task-state) | required | State of the task. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `State` | string [Task state](enterprises.md#task-state) | required | State of the task. |
```

| `Description` | string | optional | Further decription of the task. |
| `DepartmentId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Department](enterprises.md#department) the task is addressed to. |
| `ServiceOrderId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the order (for example a [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation) or [Product order](services#add-order)) the task is linked with. |
| `CreatedUtc` | string | required | Creation date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `DeadlineUtc` | string | required | Deadline date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | string | required | Closing date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

### Task state

> * `Open` 

Reviewer: missing empty line

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `TaskId` | string | required | Unique identifier of added task. |

> ## Get all tasks

Reviewer 2: Usually we put getters above add or update. Looking at it now, it is not that consistent. Consider having some system in it, either by entities or by action types.

Returns all tasks of the enterprise, filtered by identifiers or other filters.

### Request

`[PlatformAddress]/api/connector/v1/tasks/getAll`

```javascript
{
    "ClientToken": "E0D439EE522F44368DC78E1BFB03710C-D24FB11DBE31D4621C4817E028D9E1D",
    "AccessToken": "C66EF7B239D24632943D115EDE9CB810-EA00F8FD8294692C940F6B5A8F9453D",
    "Client": "Sample Client 1.0.0",
    "TaskIds": [
        "65cf1aac-bef2-4653-9350-ab2600af65af"
    ],
    "DepartmentIds": [
        "c28cfb42-a963-4195-ad26-ab1b009b6425"
    ],
    "ServiceOrderIds": [

>         "8D70F718-E19C-458D-8DDB-AB1B009B5487"

Reviewer: inconsistent upper case vs lower case

>         "8D70F718-E19C-458D-8DDB-AB1B009B5487"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "8d70f718-e19c-458d-8ddb-ab1b009b5487"
```

    ],
    "CreatedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2019-12-08T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2019-12-10T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "ClosedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2019-12-08T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2019-12-10T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "DeadlineUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2020-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2020-01-02T00:00:00Z"

>     },

Reviewer: incorrect command at the end

>     },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }
```

}
```

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |

> | `TaskIds` | array of string | optional | Unique identifiers of tasks. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TaskIds` | array of string | optional | Unique identifiers of [Task](#task)s. |
```

            "CreatedUtc": "2019-12-09T09:43:14Z",
            "DeadlineUtc": "2020-01-01T14:00:00Z",
            "ClosedUtc": null,
        }
    ]
}
```

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `Tasks` | array of [Task](#task) | required | The filtered tasks. |

#### Task

| Property | Type |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the task. |
| `Name` | string | required | Name \(or title\) of the task. |
| `State` | string [Task state](#task-state) | required | State of the task. |
| `Description` | string | optional | Further decription of the task. |
| `DepartmentId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Department](#department) the task is addressed to. |
| `ServiceOrderId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the order (for example a [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation) or [Product order](services#add-order)) the task is linked with. |
| `CreatedUtc` | string | required | Creation date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `DeadlineUtc` | string | required | Deadline date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

> | `UpdatedUtc` | string | required | Closing date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `UpdatedUtc` | string | required | Last update date and time of the task in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
```
